Professor Muzhizhi
Are you also coming to this party?
Yeah you are special today
Thank you, isn't that Muzhi Zhi?
Why is he with Teacher Gao?
Why didn't you come to class this afternoon?
It's not because of the boss of my company
He left me with absolutely no time
Is that Mr. Chen?
Well, I'll save you a spot in my next class.
Come on, come on, take a quick video.
Please, please come!
Ok, next time.
Mr. Chen, this Muzhizhi is an employee of our company
But being so close to our financial advisor
That's probably not very appropriate.
Mr. Chen, it's so late, you haven't slept yet?
Didn't you sleep so late?
If you're okay
I'm going to rest first
You have a nice dress on.
It's perfect for a date.
That doesn't feel good.
What do you mean by that?
He buys you clothes to go to the party
You didn't even say thank you
You have to say thank you for liking it
Thank you, the clothes are beautiful, I like them very much, thank you.
No need to come
What's up?
OK